PLCC token scanning algorithm (TL;DR)
-------------------------------------

In PLCC, extracting the next token from an input character stream starts
with an empty token *candidate*.  Token and skip matches, using Java
regular expressions as given in the lexical specification, are attempted
in the exact order that the specifications appear in the PLCC lexical
specification section.  Matches are always anchored at the current start
of the input stream (using Java regular expression matching rules),
always consist of one or more characters, and never cross line boundaries.

When a skip specification matches the input stream:

    If there is no token candidate, the matched characters are
    consumed from the input stream, and lexical processing starts afresh
    (at the beginning) without adding any tokens to the output token
    stream. Otherwise matching continues.

When a token specification matches the input stream:

    If the match has a length *greater* than that of the candidate, then
    the candidate is replaced by this match, and matching continues.
    Otherwise the candidate is left unchanged, and matching continues.

The above approach is called "first longest match". In particular,
if two or more (longest) token matches have the same length, only the
first is kept.

Once all of the token specifications have been examined:

    If the token candidate is nonempty, that token is added to the
    output token stream, the matched characters are consumed from the
    input stream, and lexical processing starts afresh.  If the token
    candidate is empty and the input stream is not at end-of-file, an
    error "token" is added to the output token stream containing the
    first character in the input stream, that character is consumed,
    and token processing starts afresh. Otherwise an end-of-file "token"
    is added to the output token stream.

    The scanner does not emit the EOF token.
    When entering input from the keyboard, type ^D to insert an EOF character.

